feat(redteam): Add guardrail option to redteam ui & update transform response (#2688)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/providers/http.md

      transformResponse: 'json.choices[0].message.content'
```

This expression will be evaluated with three variables available:

- `json`: The parsed JSON response (if the response is valid JSON)
- `text`: The raw text response

> - `context`: context.response has the full response object

Reviewer: what is the type of context.response? Describe this more

      transformResponse: 'file://path/to/parser.js'
```

> The parser file should export a function that takes two required arguments (`json`, `text`) and an optional `context` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parser file should export a function that takes three arguments (`json`, `text`, `context`) and return the parsed output. Note that text and context are optional.
```

```javascript
module.exports = (json, text) => {
  return json.choices[0].message.content;
};
```

You can use the `context` parameter to access response metadata and implement custom logic. For example, implementing guardrails checking:

```javascript
module.exports = (json, text, context) => {
  return {
    output: json.choices[0].message.content,

>     guardrails: { flagged: context.response.status === 500 },

Reviewer: a better example might be checking a header vs a status code
